[Music]
on
welcome to classic game room
broadcasting from the intergalactic
space arcade where I'm reviewing a game
that brings up the age-old question
shaken or stirred this is
double-oh-seven
legends it smells like Burger King in
here I'm gonna have to call cue and let
him know his laser watch doesn't work
and I've still got Burger King on my
shirt mmm delicious eats double-oh-seven
legends which contains action scenes
from Goldfinger licensed to kill die
another day Moonraker and on Her
Majesty's Secret Service
really die another day are you still
with me bummed you know what would have
been a lot better any of the other ones
that's one strong fish tank so this game
contains modernized scenes from some of
the best to some of the worst Bond films
of the past 50 years I wonder if those
girls know they all wore the same dress
and look exactly the same and why am i
waiting in line for beer I'm James Bond
I'm just going to walk around the bar
and if the bartender complains I'll
shoot them and please note this is the
same beer selection that is found in the
Goldeneye remake also from eurocom and
Activision these are the kinds of things
I noticed kids you think that Kojak
could afford some better booze I
absolutely love the on Her Majesty's
Secret Service section of this game
except for the skiing part that was kind
of lame in fact all of the driving or
anything that you're doing other than
shooting parts of this game are pretty
weak it's it's really inconsistent just
like the Bond series how does it go from
The Spy Who Loved me down to Quantum of
Solace
it's that guy's fault just rest on the
couch for a while
ironically the highlight of
double-oh-seven Legends is Moonraker
which makes for a better video game than
a movie James Bond in space was
ridiculous and cheesy in the film but
it's fun to play through and you really
can't go wrong with a dr. Holly Goodhead
can I help you with something
who was smoking hot in the movie I'm not
sure they did with her hair here unlike
a lot of games these days
double-oh-seven legends leaves the best
stuff for last it's not a plot driven
game so I'm not giving away spoilers
you're going to play through the space
laser seen in Moonraker night I liked
what they tried to do with this game as
a huge James Bond fan it's sometimes
tedious to see them try to fit an entire
film into one game and by having
double-oh-seven relive scenes from his
past updated like Goldfinger has cell
phones for example they've given
themselves the flexibility to not really
adhere to any of the plots and just
focus on the action now some of the
action scenes are far better than others
and there's some irritating stealth
sequences where you can't blow up
everything in their room
but on the whole I found it to be a
really enjoyable game as a fan of bond
if you're not that familiar with the
movies I'm not sure if you're going to
get as much out of it
kinesio it just it just doesn't have the
charming one-liners like he disagreed
with something that ate him if you've
seen the movies you already know them so
you'll be saying them to yourselves and
you have to wade through some of these
irritating fist-fighting sequences which
are pretty silly well the game is far
from perfect it try something different
and for the most part succeeds it's a
good action game I'm recording this
before Skyfall after the movie is
released a new Skyfall level will be
available for free and with the
additional Skyfall level I think Bond
fans can hope to see more movies given
this treatment how about a view to a
kill The Living Daylights Octopussy man
with the Golden Gun The Spy Who Loved Me
and You Only Live Twice
some of my favorites James Bond fans
should also know that some of the actors
have returned to give their likenesses
and voices two characters Drax returns
congratulations mr. bone you've managed
to delay my plans but you haven't
stopped me it seems to me as does jaws
and Dyna Riggs likeness returns as Tracy
me too and thankfully Halle Berry and
Denise Richards are not sadly there's no
Roger Moore but we do have Daniel Craig
playing James Bond it's over
double-oh-seven legends also gives you
some challenge modes which are nice
multiplayer and if you're a Bond fan I
highly recommend it if you're not a
James Bond fan watch the movies read the
books and find out what it's all about
Disco Volante forever
[Music]